Tokenomics Explainers - Minor Fixes (#206)
rocket-pool/RPIPs: tokenomics-explainers/005-glossary.md

**LEB, or x-ETH Bond:** Originally minipools used a 16 ETH Bond. As a result, smaller bonds were referred to as  “Lower ETH Bond” minipools, or LEBs. The Atlas release introduced LEB8s. The new proposal suggests 4-ETH bond validators and 1.5-ETH bond validators.

**LP:** Liquidity Pool. A pool of liquidity held by a smart contract that allows for on-chain trading between a pair of tokens. For the purposes of these explainers, an RPL-rETH pair at a ratio of 90:10. 

> **Megapools:** A single RP contract serving as the withdrawal address for multiple validators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Megapools:** A single Rocket Pool contract serving as the withdrawal address for multiple validators.
```

**rETH TVL:** Total value locked in rETH. Consider it the “size” of the liquid staking token.

> **Sock Puppeting (aka Sybil Behavior):** A single entity creating and controlling multiple identities (sock puppets), usually for an attack or to gain influence. An example in Rocketpool is voting, as multiple fake identities with the same amount of RPL have greater voting power than a single identity due to quadratic voting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Sock Puppeting (aka Sybil Behavior):** A single entity creating and controlling multiple identities (sock puppets), usually for an attack or to gain influence. An example in Rocket Pool is voting, as multiple fake identities with the same amount of RPL have greater voting power than a single identity due to quadratic voting.
```
